![](https://github.com/senselogic/LOREMIZE/blob/master/LOGO/loremize.png)

# Loremize

Placeholder text generator.

## Description

Loremize interactively converts English texts into Klingon-like placeholder texts.

## Sample

```
In 2019 Los Angeles, former police officer Rick Deckard is detained
by officer Gaff, and brought to his former supervisor, Bryant.
Deckard, whose job as a "blade runner" was to track down
bioengineered beings known as replicants and "retire" (kill) them,
is informed that four are on Earth illegally. Deckard starts to
leave, but Bryant ambiguously threatens him, and he stays. The two
watch a video of a blade runner named Holden administering the
"Voigt-Kampff" test, which is designed to distinguish replicants
from humans based on their emotional response to questions. The
test subject, Leon, shoots Holden on the second question. Bryant
wants Deckard to retire Leon and the other three Tyrell Corporation
Nexus-6 replicants: Roy Batty, Zhora, and Pris.
```
Result:
```
Am 2019 Rud Omcirid, vulnil buragi uvvagil Lagh Tigholt ad tisoamit
pe uvvagil Covv, omt pluycks su kad vulnil dybilwadul, Pleoms.
Tigholt, fkudi zup od o "proti lymmil" fod su slogh tufm
pauimcamiilit piamcd hmufm od libragomsd omt "lisali" (harr) skin,
ad amvulnit skos vuyl oli um Iolsk arricorre. Tigholt dsolsd su
riowi, pys Pleoms onpacyuydre skliosimd kan, omt ki dsoed. Ski sfu
fosgk o watiu uv o proti lymmil monit Kurtim otnamadsilamc ski
"Wuacs-Honbvv" sids, fkagk ad tidacmit su tadsamcyadk libragomsd
vlun kynomd podit um skial inusaumor lidbumdi su xyidsaumd. Ski
sids dypzigs, Rium, dkuusd Kurtim um ski digumt xyidsaum. Pleoms
fomsd Tigholt su lisali Rium omt ski uskil sklii Selirr Gulbulosaum
Miqyd-6 libragomsd: Lue Posse, Jkulo, omt Blad.
```

## Version

1.0

## Author

Eric Pelzer (ecstatic.coder@gmail.com).

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3.

See the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
